Hello.
I wanted to speak to you to make sure
you are aware of the latest updates on UAlbany’s
response to COVID-19.
This is a fast-moving situation, and frequent
updates are necessary.
Yesterday, you received an email from me explaining
that after spring break, on March 23, all
UAlbany classes will be delivered remotely.
This morning, you received notice that we
suspended classes today, Thursday.
This was done as precaution after we learned
of a confirmed case of COVID-19 in our campus
community.
This individual will remain isolated from
the campus population until they have been
cleared by public health officials.
We are working closely with the Albany County
Department of Health to reach out to any student,
faculty or staff member who may have come
in contact with this individual.
Also as a precaution, we have closed the business
building today for cleaning.
As I said, these fast-changing circumstances
are going to continue to require frequent
updates.
It is very important that you continue to
monitor your e-mail for updates today, tomorrow
and throughout spring break.
Please exercise caution regarding information
you may see about the virus on social media,
especially as it relates to our campus community.
Our county and state health departments provide
the only official confirmation of any communicable
disease, including COVID-19.
For additional information, visit the COVID-19
information page on our website.
For those of you who are leaving for spring
break, please travel safely.
And everyone, please continue to follow proper
safety protocols:
Wash your hands frequently, use hand sanitizer,
cough and sneeze into your elbow or sleeve,
avoid large gatherings, stay home if you are
sick, and maintain as much social distance
as possible.
Let us continue to make sure that all members
of our community are treated with the care,
dignity and respect that we all deserve.
Be safe, be well, stay healthy… and again,
please watch your emails, texts, and the official
UAlbany social media channels for ongoing
updates.
As the Great Dane family, we will get through
this together!
Muchísimas gracias!